Master Shen, you didn't come to say hello in advance.
I'm so ready
I don't know your preference either.
I have carefully prepared a few gifts
I'll bring it to you later.
Summer vacation said that the wife did not let them follow
I just saw that he could make an appointment with a waiter
When I first came in
Saw a waiter
Very beautiful eyes.
Understood, wait a minute, come right away
Are you fishing here?
Hurry back to the private room
The boss asks you to serve customers
Master Shen, look
This is my new girl
It's called a deer.
Master Shen
Su Qiao I
Hey, Master Shen, are you alright?
He hit me
Madam, he may care too much about me
Okay?
Another lover